I would like to try out how wide it will be.
First, attach this step up ring to the camera
Is
As lens protector of ne is attached now, we remove this
And this
Step up ring
Of course customer you'd have with the other step-up ring at this point is arrived
There is no chance that the edge of the ring will come in and the vignetting will come out
And this
Please remember this angle of view for a moment
Now it's about this by putting money
Yes, it's about this wall that hasn't entered so much now
So it's about self-portrait with my hand
Than roughly enter When I view a lot of that amount around so you get in so much of the price
I think this is good and above all in this Waikon
It is light because the water is thin
Usually good practice heavily weighted told scary co-Ntte to items in the video camera is lighter on the lens
I say becomes
I can think of things, but this is
It is light and this weight is 38 g whopping
Even if you think that you are going to put on because it's so light, you 're not tired at all .
Because video cameras are originally light pumice lenses
I think that I want to go to io from now on
Sony wide conversion lens vcl hg 08 b introduced by
The
Big